docs(procfile): mention the 24 characters name limit (#3865)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/platform/app/2000-01-01-procfile.md

```

- `<process_type>` designates the name of the process type. It can only contain
  alphanumerics (`[A-Za-z0-9]+`) and must be no longer than 24 characters.

>   Except this rule, you are free to name your process type how you want:

Reviewer: nitpick: maybe put a plural form here, since there are now 2 rules 😬?

```suggestion
  Except these two rules, you are free to name your process type how you want:
```

Author: Nice catch!
